Docs prep work (#10520)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/index.md

<figure markdown>
![screenshot of Cloud UI timeline view with menu](img/ui/dashboard-cloud.png)
</figure>

#### New to Prefect?

> Get up and running quickly with the [quickstart guide](getting-started/quickstart) and [tutorial](/tutorial/); for deeper dives on specific use cases, explore our [guides](guides/index/) for common scenarios.  Take your understanding even further with Prefect's [concepts](/concepts/index/) and [API reference](/api-ref/).  Join Prefect's [vibrant community](/community/) of over 26,000 engineers to learn with others and share your knowledge!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get up and running quickly with the [quickstart guide](/getting-started/quickstart/). 
Want more hands on practice to productionize your workflows? Follow our [tutorial](/tutorial/). 
For deeper dives on common use cases, explore our [guides](/guides/index/). 
Take your understanding even further with Prefect's [concepts](/concepts/index/) and [API reference](/api-ref/). 
Join Prefect's [vibrant community](/community/) of over 26,000 engineers to learn with others and share your knowledge!
```

Reviewer: Formatted links for consistency. 

Would like to try to differentiate when to use the quick start vs. tutorial, so added the language above.
